
General Idea: I want an android app that I could use for displaying negative photographs on a paper. 
Interface:
Loading photos:
I need the ability to load photos to the application from local phone or tablet hard drive. 
I want to be able to upload more than 1 photo and be able to select which photo should be displayed in the app by using previous and next buttons.

I want a button that would convert selected photograph to negative image.

There is a need for a button to turn the interface red.
After clicking that button every part of the interface should be red 

I want a button that would run a "display negative" action. In short display the image fullscreen but only if the image is converted negative and the interface is turned red. Should be inactive otherwise. 
This action will be described in "display negative" functionality but only if the image is converted negative and the interface is turned red. Should be inactive otherwise. 
I want a button that would run a "test irridiation" action. I want to specify the number of parts called A


I want ability to select how many seconds I want a screen to remain completely black before displaying it in full screen mode. Let's call this value X
I want ability to select how many seconds I want a photo to be displayed in fullscreen mode. Let's call this value Y
I want ability to select how many seconds I want a screen to remain completely black after displaying it in full screen mode. Let's call this value Z

"display negative" functionality:
This action should start the screen as completly turned off - not only displaying black color as there is a glow from the screen that irridiates paper before photo is displayed. 
I also don't want to see any android buttons in the lower part of the screen. Complete black, turned off screen for X number of seconds specified on the UI.
After that time is passed some sound should be played indicating that irridiation started. Some click sound is enough, something I can recognize.
Then the negative image should be displayed for Y seconds. After that time is passed some sound should be played indicating that irridiation ended. Some click sound is enough, something I can recognize.
After Y time has passed the screen should go completly turned off for Z seconds.

"test irridiation" functionality:
To check for how long a photo should be irridiated it is neccessary to irridiate the paper for number of times with varying number of seconds of irridiation.
For that to be implemented divide the image into A parts depending on the Y value - for example if Y is 10 seconds divide it into 10 parts from left to right so that each part could be irridiated for differend number of seconds separately. 
it would follow the rule written in the table:
part,number_of_seconds
1,10
2,9
3,8
4,7
5,6
6,5
7,4
8,3
9,2
10,1 

Eeach part should be irradiated for 1 second so if I specify that I want 5 parts the total number of secods would be 5.

so the test image would have something like stripes of various times of irradiation. With that I could decide the final irradiation time.

This action should start the screen as completly turned off - not only displaying black color as there is a glow from the screen that irridiates paper before photo is displayed. 
I also don't want to see any android buttons in the lower part of the screen. Complete black, turned off screen for X number of seconds specified on the UI.
After that time is passed some sound should be played indicating that irridiation started. Some click sound is enough, something I can recognize.
After thatAfter that time is passed some sound should be played indicating that irridiation ended. Some click sound is enough, something I can recognize. time a number of images should be displayed with the parts of the original image. 
Start with the image with 1 part and every 1 second add another part to it.
After that time is passed some sound should be played indicating that irridiation ended. Some click sound is enough, something I can recognize.
After Y time has passed the screen should go completly turned off for Z seconds.